README.md, before:

# Ubuntu Podcast Roku Channel

A Roku channel for the [Ubuntu Podcast](http://ubuntupodcast.org).

## Developer reference

The channel is derived from [the example podcast-player-channel](https://github.com/rokudev/podcast-player-channel).
The Roku blog has a [podcast tutorial](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/07/20/tutorial-podcasts/)
to accompany the example podcast player channel and another blog post
that explains [how to enable developer mode on your Roku](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/02/04/developer-setup-guide/).
I found the [documentation for manifest file](https://sdkdocs.roku.com/display/sdkdoc/Manifest+File) useful too.

Once a Roku channel is tested and ready for the public there is a
[channel packaging tutorial](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/05/24/tutorial-channel-packaging/)
and a [channel publishing tutorial](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/07/29/channel-publishing/).

The [Roku Developer Blog](https://blog.roku.com/developer/) is an extremely useful resource.

Commit message:

Updated README with publishing summary and keywords.

README.md, after:

# Ubuntu Podcast Roku Channel

A Roku channel for the [Ubuntu Podcast](http://ubuntupodcast.org).

## Description

A lively and upbeat podcast made by members of the Ubuntu UK LoCo that includes news, discussion and interviews from the Ubuntu and Open Source communities.

## Keywords

ubuntu
linux
open source
technology
gadgets
podcast
open rights
gaming
command line lurve


## Developer reference

The channel is derived from [the example podcast-player-channel](https://github.com/rokudev/podcast-player-channel).
The Roku blog has a [podcast tutorial](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/07/20/tutorial-podcasts/)
to accompany the example podcast player channel and another blog post
that explains [how to enable developer mode on your Roku](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/02/04/developer-setup-guide/).
I found the [documentation for manifest file](https://sdkdocs.roku.com/display/sdkdoc/Manifest+File) useful too.

Once a Roku channel is tested and ready for the public there is a
[channel packaging tutorial](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/05/24/tutorial-channel-packaging/)
and a [channel publishing tutorial](https://blog.roku.com/developer/2016/07/29/channel-publishing/).

The [Roku Developer Blog](https://blog.roku.com/developer/) is an extremely useful resource.
